Update faq.md (#44)
tradingview-pine-seeds/docs: faq.md

#### Q: What if the maximum amount of time required for the symbol to appear on the chart has passed, but I still do not see it?

__A:__ The maximum time for a symbol to appear on the chart is 30 minutes.

> If it has not appear during this time, check the action logs for validation warnings and errors. If you cannot fix the problem, contact us at pine.seeds@tradingview.com. Our support team is available on weekdays from 6 AM to 3 PM UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it has not appeared during this time, check the action logs for validation warnings and errors. If you cannot fix the issue, contact us at pine.seeds@tradingview.com. Our support team is available on weekdays from 6 AM to 3 PM UTC.
```
